STREAMS-1649 subscriber kafka securely connection to external kafka broker (#157)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/subscribers/subscriber-kafka.md

| subscriptionMode | no | Default subscription mode defined in the topic's configuration | For more information, see [subscription modes](/docs/subscribers/#subscription-modes).                                                       |
| bootstrapServers | yes | n/a | List of Kafka servers used to bootstrap connections to Kafka.                                                                                |
| topic | yes | n/a | Kafka topic in which a record must be sent.                                                                                                  |
| partition | no | n/a | Kafka partition to use.                                                                                                                      |
| recordKey | no | topic id | Record key to use for each sent record. If not set, the `topicId` is used.                                                                   |
| authorization | no | n/a | Sasl Ssl Authorization configuration. For more information, see section [Authorization with Sasl and SSL](#authorization-with-sasl-and-ssl). |

After the kafka subscription is successfully created, Streams start sending records to your kafka cluster.

> ### Authorization with Sasl and SSL

Reviewer: Is it not authentication instead?(part of the SASL acronym, I think ^^)

|---------------------|-----------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| type                | yes       | n/a           | Type of authorization protocol configured for the kafka subscription. Currently only `sasl_ssl` is supported                         |
| sasl.mechanism      | yes       | n/a           | Sasl mechanism used by the subscriber kafka to connect with the external kafka broker. Currently only `plain` mechanism is supported |
| sasl.username       | yes       | n/a           | Username used by the Kafka subscriber to connect with the external kafka broker                                                      |
| sasl.password       | yes       | n/a           | Password used by the Kafka subscriber to connect with the external kafka broker                                                      |

As `SSL` transport layer is required when configuring authorization for Kafka subscriber, a trusted certificate generated by a Certificate Authority must be used to make sure the Kafka subscriber can connect to the external kakfa broker.

> In case you need to add a custom certificate for connection with the external kafka broker:

Reviewer: I think we'll nearly always be adding the self-signed root certficateauthority, not the individual certificates themselves. Is it possible to make this clearer in thes instructions ?

* Make sure that the certificate you've got is in PEM format. You can extract the certificate from keystore with the following command.

```bash
keytool -exportcert -rfc -keystore <KAFKA TRUSTORE IN JKS> -alias <ALIAS OF CERTIFICATE IN TRUSTSTORE> -file kafka.truststore.pem
```

> * Follow the dedicated section [Add self-signed TLS certificates](/docs/install/#add-self-signed-tls-certificates) to add the custom certificate

Reviewer: Could we add an "(or ask your operator to do it if you are not operating streams yourself)" or something here to make it clear this will not be an api call, but require cluster access and more or less admin rights?

Please note that this procedure must be done at the installation phase of Streams.

> {{< alert title="Caution" >}}Adding custom certificate is not recommended for production environment.{{< /alert >}}

Reviewer: Is it really the case? I know it is for TLS for http api as we don't want random customers online to have to trust random public keys, but I don't see quite the same use case for Kafka. Especially when it is doubled with authentication anyways

| Configuration Entry | Mandatory | Default value | Description                                                                                                                          |
|---------------------|-----------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| type                | yes       | n/a           | Type of security protocol configured for the kafka subscription. Currently only `sasl_ssl` is supported                              |
| sasl.mechanism      | yes       | n/a           | Sasl mechanism used by the subscriber kafka to connect with the external kafka broker. Currently only `plain` mechanism is supported |
| sasl.username       | yes       | n/a           | Username used by the Kafka subscriber to connect with the external kafka broker                                                      |
| sasl.password       | yes       | n/a           | Password used by the Kafka subscriber to connect with the external kafka broker                                                      |

#### SSL configuration

> As `SSL` is required for encryption of traffic. The root certificate authority, used when configuring the kafka broker, must be added into the list of trusted certificate authorities of the subscriber kafka component, to make sure it can connect to the external kakfa broker.
> In case you need to add a root certificate authority for connection with the external kafka broker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `SSL` enabled, Streams needs to trust the root certificate authority that signed your kafka broker certificates. If you are not using one of the generic `SSL` certificates providers (e.g. Digicert, Let's Encrypt...), but a custom root certificate authority instead, you must add it to Streams:
```

* Make sure that the root certificate authority you've got is in PEM format. You can list and extract the root CA from a truststore with the following command.

```bash
keytool -list -v -keystore <KAFKA TRUSTORE IN JKS>
...
Your keystore contains 1 entry

Alias name: caroot
Creation date: Apr 22, 2022
Entry type: trustedCertEntry
...

keytool -exportcert -rfc -keystore <KAFKA TRUSTORE IN JKS> -alias <ALIAS NAME OF ROOT CA> -file kafka.truststore.pem
```

In the example above, the alias name of the root CA is `caroot`.

* Follow the dedicated section [Add self-signed TLS certificates](/docs/install/#add-self-signed-tls-certificates) to add the custom certificate, or ask your operator to do it if you are not operating streams yourself

> 
> Please note that:
> 
> * this procedure must be done at the installation phase of Streams.
> * If the root certificate authority has been signed by a genuine and trusted authority, the above procedure is not required.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
